Address all reviewers comments (#31)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/model_overview/numerical_results/main.tex

\(\tilde{B}\) of matrix \(B\) only on the column that is most frequently played
(matrix \(A\): row \(5\), matrix \(B\): column \(6\), see Figure 
\ref{fig:ard_penalty}).

> Note that for the presentation of data, a scaling has been applied to obtain
> the values of the payoff matrices.
> The results are not affected by this scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for the presentation of data, an affine transformation has been applied to obtain
the values of the payoff matrices.
The results are not affected by this scaling.
```

Reviewer: We should specifically write what the transformation is (in brackets somewhere, it's not super important).
